hi guys welcome to et student Channel
and today is the day when you will learn
how to make some fantastic spring rolls
so let's get started here I have some
shredded cabbage in this one I have some
shredded carrots you can use any
vegetables of your choice you can use a
bean sprout beans cauliflower whatever
you would like in your spring rolls and
then I'm also going to use some onions
some ginger and garlic now these are
frozen ones so they kind of look weird
but we're gonna fry them and then we are
going to use a pastry wrap here and you
can see that I had actually put them on
a plate which is covered with a wet
towel and we're going to fill our
stuffing in this so really easy to make
we're going to fry our onions along with
ginger garlic paste and in this we are
going to add our spices salt red chilli
powder garam masala if you want a little
Indian flavor and some soy sauce give
them a quick stir soften them a little
bit okay
so salt as per taste I'm going to go
ahead and add two teaspoons here and red
chili powder you can also add green
chillies if you like starting our onions
ginger garlic salt red chilli powder and
in this we'll go ahead and add our soy
sauce so 2 tablespoons of soy sauce
soy sauce and onions have become a
little soft we'll go ahead and add our
vegetable next
now you don't have to try them a lot
just sorted them lightly because if you
try them a lot they might start leaving
from water which we don't want we're
just going to solder them a little bit
here
so our stuffing is ready we'll set it
aside and here I have 2 tablespoons of
all-purpose flour that's metha and I'm
just going to add a few drops of water
to make a fine paste so just mix it well
to have a smooth paste and we are going
to use this as a glue to close our
spring rolls you just mix them together
and set them aside so we are using this
spring roll pastry you can find it at
any Asian grocery store and what I'm
what I have done this was frozen I have
caught it and you don't want it to dry
out so I had kept it in a wet cloth
so in our pastry here we are going to
put our stuffing
and you want to make it that it's nice
and tight and we're going to roll it out
so take one corner and put it in and
slowly roll this go right in the middle
and stop now turn the corners
and continue the process
when you reach the very end what you
need to do is that all corpus
collaborate that we made just take a
little bit put it at the end and close
this so make all your rolls like this
look at that beautiful Hey
and what I'm going to do now is deep-fry
them you can pan fry them if you want
but it's spring roll so you got to deep
fry them so hot oil in the wok and we
just added our spring rolls and we going
to fry them until they are brown on both
sides look at that beautiful golden on
all sides exactly the way we wanted so
now we'll go ahead and serve it hot and
crispy look at that
so our spring roll is ready to be
enjoyed let me do a little taste test so
once you've mastered the technique of
making these spring rolls trust me you
will never ever order them again at a
restaurant so go ahead give them a shot
and let me know how they turn out for
you and I'll see you again very soon
with something more exciting